the doors on GES clean steel and
Hotpoint metallic models are covered
with a clear plastic film to protect the
finish this bill must be removed after
the refrigerator is installed remove the
product information sheet and set aside
to make the removal of this film easier
neither the refrigerator nor the freezer
door handle is attached to the factory
open both refrigerator doors
to remove loosen a section of the film
from the edge of the door and slowly
pull it free
the tools required for this task are a
Philips screwdriver a t20 Torx
screwdriver and a pair of gloves you
will also need the door handle packet
located in the bottom shelf in the fresh
food door remove the tape and pull out
the door handle packet
in the door-handle packet there should
be a fresh food door handle a freezer
handle
five Phillips screws one t20 Torx screw
a screw cover and a plug button the
handles are installed on the side that
swings open once you have determined
which side the handles go on you are
then ready to attach the handles when
installing the refrigerator handle start
by installing two Phillips screws in the
top of the handle start both screws but
do not tighten them yet
then screw the t20 Torx screw in the
front until it is snug
once the screw is snug tighten the top
two screws until they are snug do not
over tighten over tightening these
screws may cause the screws to strip or
the handle to break after all the screws
are tightened press the screw cover into
place over the front screw because the
refrigerator doors are reversible there
is a hole in the opposite side of the
handle where the handle would go if the
doors were reversed in the door handle
packet there is a plug button that goes
into this hole firmly press the plug
button into the hole until the plug
button is all the way in
it is best to start installing the
freezer door handle beginning with the
top Phillips screw first
do not tighten the screw until all
screws are started once you have started
the top screw line up the bottom holes
on the underside of the freezer door
with the bottom holes of the door handle
then screw in the bottom screws
now that you have all the bottom screws
snug tighten up the top screw until it
is snug again if you over tighten the
screws you run the risk of stripping the
screws or breaking the handle all screws
should just be snug once all the screws
have been tightened the installation is
complete and your refrigerator is ready
to be used if you have additional
questions about installing door handles
please call one eight hundred G's cares